1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?
Ans-	Functions make code shorter and easy to understand and update. 
	Easy debugging and reduces the need for duplicating the code. 


2. When does the code in a function execute: when the function is defined or when the function is called?
Ans-	The code in a function excutes when the function is called.


3. What statement creates a function?
Ans-	def function_name(): statement with the specific code inside it creates a function.


4.  What is the difference between a function and a function call?
Ans-	Function is defined with a def statement and the code for a specific activity inside it. The function call is where the program move execution move to the function where it was initially created.


5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?
Ans-	There is only one global scope for  a specific variable and local scope can be multiple according wherever inside the function the variable is used.


6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?
Ans-	When the function call is returned the local scope will be no more.


7. What is a return value? Can a return value be part of an expression?
Ans-	A return value is whatever the function is giving back or whatever the function is evaluated into. Yes, a return value can be a part of an expression.


8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?
Ans-	When there is no return statement the return value will be None.


9. How can you force a variable in a function to refer to the global variable?
Ans-	By using the term global before the varialbe.
	global variable_name

10. What is the data type of None?
Ans-	The datatype is NoneType


11. What does the import areallyourpetsnamederic statement do?
Ans-	This statement import the specified python module to the code which can be used to call functions in that module.

12. If you had a function named bacon() in a module named spam, how would you call it after importing spam?
ans,
	spam.bacon()


13. How can you prevent a program from crashing when it gets an error?
Ans-	It can be done by using try - except clause


14.  What goes in the try clause? What goes in the except clause?
Ans-	The code which is expected to make an error goes inside the try clause and the code which is to be executed when an error occurs is kept in the except clause. 
